# Project Overview

This is an ecommerce project that I worked for a Korean client. The project is a web application that selling furniture and home decor products, and it's also selling consulting services for interior design. Beside that, the project has implemented an AI rendering feature that will combine the products in the current page with the user's room photo and automatically generate a new image with the products in the user's room. Doing so will help the users to visualize how the products will look like in their room, and it will also help them to make a better purchasing decision. These products are taking from our inventory, so we can easily promote the products that we have in stock. The project is built using NextJS for the frontend and Spring Boot for the backend. Project used MariaDB as the database. The project also has an admin panel that allows the admin to manage the products, orders and other aspects of the ecommerce platform. 

The project is deployed in an EC2 instance using bitbucket pipelines for the CI/CD process. Basically we will build a jar file in the pipeline and then we will copy the jar file to the EC2 instance and then we will have multiple scripts in the EC2 instance to either start, stop or restart the application. We also using blue green deployment strategy to minimize the downtime during the deployment process. Since this project doesn't have a lot of concurrent users, we are using a single EC2 instance to host the application.

Currently, we are handling the Korean version of the project, beside this project also has an international version that is targeting the US market. The international version is built with nodejs in the backend and integrate with shopify as the ecommerce platform. We will be handling the international version in the future, but currently we are focusing on the Korean version first.

Beside this, we are also involve in optimizing the AI rendering engine that we are using in the project. The AI rendering engine is built using flaskAPI and it is deployed in a separate EC2 instance. We used Google Nano Banana for the AI rendering engine and this service will expose API so that other services can integrate with it. We are currently optimizing the AI rendering engine to generate multiple angle images in a single request, so that we can reduce the latency and also reduce the cost of using the AI rendering engine. We are also optimizing the AI rendering engine to generate images with higher quality and also to support more products in the future.
